Helm-388: Rename Helm in the Helm docs (#653)
OpenNMS/grafana-plugin: docs/modules/about/pages/introduction.adoc

Reviewer: At line 48, there's an instance of {page-component-title} without a preceding "the" that I can't reach to comment on.

:imagesdir: ../assets/images

= About the {page-component-title}

> The {page-component-title} is an application that lets you create flexible dashboards to visualize and interact with data stored by OpenNMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {page-component-title} lets you create flexible dashboards to visualize and interact with data stored by OpenNMS.
```

It works with https://grafana.com[Grafana] to customize and display <<fault, fault management>> and <<performance, performance management>> data from OpenNMS https://www.opennms.org[Horizon] and https://www.opennms.com[Meridian].

You can create and customize dashboards to display the data that you want to see--alarms, outages, key performance indicators--in a way that best meets your needs.

.Sample plugin dashboard

> image::helm-sample-dash.png["The {page-component-title} displaying a sample dashboard, populated with bar graphs and pie charts."]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::helm-sample-dash.png["Grafana displaying a sample dashboard, populated with bar graphs and pie charts."]
```
